[DOCS-3901] Add Logs Cost Attribution doc (#15297)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/faq/logs_cost_attribution.md

1. [Configure custom tags](#configure-custom-tags).
2. [Generate custom log metrics](#generate-custom-logs-metrics) with those tags. 
3. [Create widgets in a dashboard](#create-a-dashboard-using-the-custom-logs-metrics) for the custom log metrics. 

{{< img src="logs/faq/logs_cost_attribution/cost_attribution_dashboard.png" alt="A dashboard showing table widgets for usage and cost broken down by teams for ingestion, Sensitive Data Scanner, seven days indexing, and 15 days indexing. " style="width:85%" >}}

## Create a new log pipeline

Create a new log pipeline that filters to logs for which you want to attribute costs. For this example, filter to the subset of logs that you want to breakdown by team.

1. Navigate to [Logs Pipelines][4].
2. Click **Add a new pipeline**.
3. Enter the filter for logs you want to attribute costs.
4. Enter a name for the pipeline. For example, `Cost attribution by team`.
5. Optionally, add tags and a description.
6. Click **Create**.

Leave the new pipeline at the end of the list of pipelines. This lets the logs go through the other pipelines so that those tags and attributes are created first.

> Add all processors created for this cost attribution example to this new pipeline.

Author: ```suggestion
Add all processors you create for this cost attribution example to the new pipeline.
```

      a. Enter `service:a` and `env:prod` in the **All events that match** field.  
      b. Enter `service_a` in the **Appear under the value name** field.  
      c. Click **Add**.
6. Add the other teams as separate categories.
7.  Click **Create**.

#### Create a remapper to convert the `team` attribute to a tag

1. Navigate to the pipeline, click **Add processor**.
2. Select **Remapper** for the processor type.
3. Enter a name for the processor. For example, "Convert team attribute to tag".
4. In the **Set attribute(s) or tag key to remap** section, select **Attribute(s)** and enter `team`.
5. In the **Set target attribute or tag key** section, select **Tag key** and enter `team`.
6. Disable **Preserve source attribute** to make sure the attribute is removed and only the tag is kept.
7. Enable **Override on conflict**.
8. Click **Create**.

{{< img src="logs/faq/logs_cost_attribution/team_remapper.png" alt="The create remapper form showing all the data filled in to create a team remapper" style="width:75%" >}}

## Configure custom tags

> Create custom tags so you can break down custom log usage metrics into categories that are relevant to your use case. For this example, create the following tags:

Author: ```suggestion
Create custom tags so you can organize custom log usage metrics into categories that are relevant to your use case. For this example, create the following tags:
```

2. [Generate custom log metrics](#generate-custom-logs-metrics) with those tags. 
3. [Create widgets in a dashboard](#create-a-dashboard-using-the-custom-logs-metrics) for the custom log metrics. 

The dashboard gives you an overview of your log usage and costs broken down by teams.

{{< img src="logs/faq/logs_cost_attribution/cost_attribution_dashboard.png" alt="A dashboard showing table widgets for usage and cost broken down by teams for ingestion, Sensitive Data Scanner, seven days indexing, and 15 days indexing. " style="width:85%" >}}

## Create a new log pipeline

Create a new log pipeline that filters to logs for which you want to attribute costs. For this example, filter to the subset of logs that you want to breakdown by team.

1. Navigate to [Logs Pipelines][4].
2. Click **Add a new pipeline**
3. Enter the filter for logs you want to attribute costs.
4. Enter a name for the pipeline. For example, `Cost attribution by team`.
5. Optionally, add tags and a description.
6. Click **Create**.

Leave the new pipeline at the end of the list of pipelines. This lets the logs go through the other pipelines so that those tags and attributes are created first.

> Add all processors created for this cost attribution example to this new pipeline.

Reviewer: Ah, okay, now I understand. I like the reworded sentence.

### Add a `team` tag

Datadog recommends that you use one of these [tagging methods][5] to add the `team` tag to logs **before ingestion**.

However, if it is necessary to configure the tag during ingestion, follow these steps to create and add a `team` tag.

1. [Create a new `team` attribute](#create-a-new-team-attribute).
2. [Create a remapper to convert the `team` attribute to a tag](#create-a-remapper-to-convert-the-team-attribute-to-a-tag).

> You can use this process to create the attributes you want for breaking down your log usage (for example, by departments, products, regions, and so forth). 

Author: Lol yeah I thought I'd change it up here. Is it better to keep it consistent with "so on"?

> You can use this process to create the attributes you want for breaking down your log usage (for example, by departments, products, regions, and so forth). 

Reviewer: It's a minor thing to be honest. For consistency, sure, but it's not one of those instances where I think we need to worry about it. Inconsistencies with product names, terms, and feature names, etc. are the ones we should watch out for. "So forth" works just as well as "so on".

#### Create a new `team` attribute

Use a [Category Processor][6] to create a new `team` attribute for your logs.

1. Navigate to the pipeline previously created, click **Add processor**.
2. Select **Category Processor** for the processor type.
3. Enter a name for the processor. For example, "Create team attribute".
4. Enter `team` in the **Set target category attribute** field. This creates a `team` attribute.
5. Add a category for each team. For example, if you want log events that match `service:a` and `env:prod` to have the `team:service_a` tag :
Then, in the **Populate category** section:  
      a. Enter `service:a` and `env:prod` in the **All events that match** field.  
      b. Enter `service_a` in the **Appear under the value name** field.  
      c. Click **Add**
6. Add the other teams as separate categories.
7.  Click **Create**.

#### Create a remapper to convert the `team` attribute to a tag

> 1. Navigate to the pipeline, click **Add processor**.

Author: So the user is brought to the Logs Pipelines page after the last processor has been set up, and the pipeline should be expanded: https://a.cl.ly/kpuO1G2e

Would it be better to say something like, "In the pipeline" instead?

> 1. Navigate to the pipeline, click **Add processor**.

Reviewer: Ah, okay, that makes sense. I think "Navigate to the pipeline" is fine.
